OADP-6294: Mod-work for the OADP Troubleshooting user story (#95005)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-creating-service-monitor.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting/oadp-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-creating-service-monitor_{context}"]
= Creating OADP service monitor

> OADP provides an `openshift-adp-velero-metrics-svc` service, which is created when the Data Protection Application (DPA) is configured. The service monitor used by the user workload monitoring must point to the defined service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{oadp-short} provides an `openshift-adp-velero-metrics-svc` service, which is created when the Data Protection Application (DPA) is configured The user workload monitoring service monitor must point to the defined service.
```

Use the following procedure to get details about the service.

.Procedure

> . Ensure that the `openshift-adp-velero-metrics-svc` service exists. It should contain `app.kubernetes.io/name=velero` label, which will be used as selector for the `ServiceMonitor` object.

Reviewer 2: I'd leave out, "will be".
